Welcome to this module,
thus far we had a closer look at angular and node and we have a first basic connection between these
two ends
but of course one important thing is missing,
we're not storing any data on our server.
We're handling data in our angular application
but that of course does only get us that far because it's gone whenever we reload our app and
that's not that helpful. We need to persist data on the server instead so that our users can load that
data whenever they come back to our webpage even if they come back to it from different machines,
it's a website in the end,
right.
So on our big picture here, we're now working on that mongodb part on the right here and on that
persistence data storage thing.
This is what we'll dive in in this module, you will learn what mongodb is and how you can conveniently
use it from within a nodejs
backend.